vmalert: add `-rule.evalDelay` flag and `eval_delay` as group attribute (#5185)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): add `eval_alignment` attribute for [Groups](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html#groups), it will align group query requests timestamp with interval like `datasource.queryTimeAlignment` did.
  This also means that `datasource.queryTimeAlignment` command-line flag becomes deprecated now and will have no effect if configured. If `datasource.queryTimeAlignment` was set to `false` before, then `eval_alignment` has to be set to `false` explicitly under group.
  See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5049).

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): add `-rule.evalDelay` flag and `eval_delay` attribute for [Groups](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html#groups), it will adjust the `time` parameter of rule evaluation requests to match intentional query delay from datasource. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5155).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): add `-rule.evalDelay` flag and `eval_delay` attribute for [Groups](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html#groups). The new flag and param can be used to adjust the `time` parameter for rule evaluation requests to match intentional query delay from the datasource. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5155).
```
